.\" Manpage for Slack JSON Parser
.TH slackjp 1 "2021 January 12" "0.3.0" "slackjp man page"


.SH NAME
slackjp \- Slack JSON Parser for Linux

.SH SYNOPSIS
slackjp [\fB\-h\fR] [\fB\-R\fR] [\fB\-F\fI FILETYPE \fR[\fBFILETYPE...\fR]] [\fB\-f\fR] [\fB\-\-version\fR]
(\fB\-d \fIDOWNOUTPUT \fR|\fB \-l \fILINKOUTPUT \fR|\fB \-t \fITEXTOUTPUT \fR|\fB \-p \fIHTMLOUTPUT\fR)
\fB\fIdirectory\fR

.SH DESCRIPTION
Multi-function JSON parser for Slack Workspace exports.
.SH OPTIONS

.SS General
.TP
.B \-h , \-\-help
Opens the help/usage command menu.  Program exits after this function.
.TP
.B \-R, \-\-recurse
Tells SlackJP to recursively examine a folder and subfolders.
.TP
.B \-F\fI FILETYPE [FILETYPE...]
Specifies one or more filetypes to exclusively obtain via link finding or downloading files.
If not given, all filetypes will be downloaded or written to the link output file.
.TP
.B \-f, \-\-force
Permits the program to use default settings for all user prompts.  This will overwrite all duplicate
files, handle errors silently, and so forth.  Use this setting only if you know what you are doing.
.TP
.B \-\-version
Prints the version number of the exectuable.  Program exits after this function.

.SS Behavior
Only one of the following options may be used per program execution.

.TP
.B \-d\fI DOWNOUTPUT\fR, \-\-downOutput\fI DOWNOUTPUT
Sets the download flag.  This will download all files found in messages within the given
directory.  An output directory must be given as to allow SlackJP to have a centralized
location to put the resulting files.
.TP
.B \-l\fI LINKOUTPUT\fR, \-\-linkOutput\fI  LINKOUTPUT
NOT FULLY IMPLEMENTED YET

Sets the link flag.  This will find all links in the message directory.  Whether this links
are downloads or other, they will be written to the specified output file.
.TP
.B \-t\fI TEXTOUTPUT\fR, \-\-textOutput\fI  TEXTOUTPUT
NOT YET IMPLEMENTED

Sets the text flag.  All messages traversed will be converted into respective text files,
seperated by days and channels.  A proper Slack Workspace export is required for this function.
An output directory must also be given to create a sub-structure for textified files.
.TP
.B \-p\fI HTMLOUTPUT\fR, \-\-htmlOutput\fI HTMLOUTPUT 
NOT YET IMPLEMENTED

Sets the HTML flag.  Similar to TEXTOUTPUT, this will parse through all messages and produce
a human-readable format; however, this will be done in HTML.  Profile pictures will be obtained
where possible, names appropriate associated, and further information created.  An output directory
must be given to create the self-hostable HTML and CSS files.  Configuration of this output can be
manipulated in a configuration file placed in the same directory as SlackJP.

.SS Required
.TP
.B directory
Sets the input location.  This should be the root directory of a Slack Workspace export for
typical behavior.

.SH AUTHOR
Written by Brandt Damman (brandt.damman@spudwilson.us)